README.md, before:

# Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

- [`1.24.1`, `1.24` (*/1.24.1/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.24.1/Dockerfile)
- [`1.24.1-onbuild`, `1.24-onbuild` (*/1.24.1/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.24.1/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.25` (*/1.25/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.25/Dockerfile)
- [`1.25-onbuild` (*/1.25/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.25/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.26.2`, `1.26` (*/1.26.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.26.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.26.2-onbuild`, `1.26-onbuild` (*/1.26.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.26.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.27.2`, `1.27` (*/1.27.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.27.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.27.2-onbuild`, `1.27-onbuild` (*/1.27.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.27.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.28` (*/1.28/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.28/Dockerfile)
- [`1.28-onbuild` (*/1.28/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.28/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.29.2`, `1.29` (*/1.29.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.29.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.29.2-onbuild`, `1.29-onbuild` (*/1.29.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.29.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`stable`, `1.30.1`, `1`, `1.30` (*/stable/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/stable/Dockerfile)
- [`stable-onbuild`, `1.30.1-onbuild`, `1-onbuild`, `1.30-onbuild` (*/stable/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/stable/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`beta`, `1.31` (*/beta/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/beta/Dockerfile)
- [`beta-onbuild`, `1.31-onbuild` (*/beta/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/beta/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`nightly`, `1.32` (*/nightly/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/nightly/Dockerfile)
- [`nightly-onbuild`, `1.32-onbuild` (*/nightly/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/nightly/onbuild/Dockerfile)

Commit message:

Deprecate this repository, use the official ones

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATION NOTICE

If you want to use a **stable** version of Rust, please use the official [`rust` image](https://hub.docker.com/\_/rust/) going forward.
For a **nightly** version, please use the [`rustlang/rust` image](https://hub.docker.com/r/rustlang/rust/) instead.

# Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

- [`1.24.1`, `1.24` (*/1.24.1/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.24.1/Dockerfile)
- [`1.24.1-onbuild`, `1.24-onbuild` (*/1.24.1/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.24.1/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.25` (*/1.25/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.25/Dockerfile)
- [`1.25-onbuild` (*/1.25/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.25/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.26.2`, `1.26` (*/1.26.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.26.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.26.2-onbuild`, `1.26-onbuild` (*/1.26.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.26.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.27.2`, `1.27` (*/1.27.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.27.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.27.2-onbuild`, `1.27-onbuild` (*/1.27.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.27.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.28` (*/1.28/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.28/Dockerfile)
- [`1.28-onbuild` (*/1.28/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.28/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.29.2`, `1.29` (*/1.29.2/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.29.2/Dockerfile)
- [`1.29.2-onbuild`, `1.29-onbuild` (*/1.29.2/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/1.29.2/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`stable`, `1.30.1`, `1`, `1.30` (*/stable/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/stable/Dockerfile)
- [`stable-onbuild`, `1.30.1-onbuild`, `1-onbuild`, `1.30-onbuild` (*/stable/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/stable/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`beta`, `1.31` (*/beta/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/beta/Dockerfile)
- [`beta-onbuild`, `1.31-onbuild` (*/beta/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/beta/onbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`nightly`, `1.32` (*/nightly/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/nightly/Dockerfile)
- [`nightly-onbuild`, `1.32-onbuild` (*/nightly/onbuild/Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/pitkley/docker-rust/blob/master/nightly/onbuild/Dockerfile)
